what is the name of event in which you are participating-ok sure tech event
tell me the email id of registar-ok sure email id of registar is registar@cumail.in
who is the head of e governance cell-ms.Shefali verma is the head of e governance cell
tell me the contact no of head of e governance cell-contact no is 8146651620
what is the roll of e governance cell-ok sure the roll of e governance cell is to deal with the academic affair
In which block e governance cell is present-e governance cell is present in block 1
what is the Room no of e governance cell-213
who is the coordinator of be cse 2nd year-er. gurpreet singh is the coordinator of be cse 2nd year
who is the hod of block 1-dr vinay goyal
who is the batch coordinator of block 1-dr. sandeep kang
tell me the email id of hod of block 1-email id of hod is hod.cse@cumail.in
who is the executive director of chandigarh university-dr. satbir singh sehgal
who is the Chancellor of chandigarh university-Satnam Singh Sandhu is the Chancellor of chandigarh university
tell me the email id of Chancellor-Chancellor@cumail.in
who is the vice Chancellor of chandigarh university-dr. R.S. Bawa is the vice Chancellor of chandigarh university
tell me the email id of vice Chancellor of chandigarh university-vc@cumail.in
who is the Pro Vice Chancellor of chandigarh university-dr. b. s. sohi is the pro Vice Chancellor of chandigarh university
tell me the email id of Pro Vice Chancellor of chandigarh university-provc@cumail.in
which block is called as cse block-block 1 is called as cse block
admission cell is present in which block-admission cell is present in block 9 
where is the Chancellor's office-ok sure Chancellor's office is in block 9
where is the vice Chancellor's office-ok sure vice Chancellor's office is in block 9
Tell me the name of accociate director-dr. ruchi singla
Department of Career Development (DCD) is present in which block-Department of Career Development (DCD) is present in block 6
who is the head of Department of Career Development (DCD)-dr. pardeep bansal is the head of Department of Career Development (DCD)  
tell me the full form of fr-food republic
tell me the full form of dcd-Department of Career Development
IBM is present in which block-ibm is present in south block
where is the central library-central library is present in block 1 in the basement
where is food republic (fR)-food repbulic is in block 6
